Doc Updates (#686)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/Installation_with_Helm.md

To install the chart, first add the `sumologic` private repo:

```bash
helm repo add sumologic https://sumologic.github.io/sumologic-kubernetes-collection
```

Next you can run `helm upgrade --install` to install our chart. An example command with the minimum parameters is provided below. The following command will install the Sumo Logic chart with the release name `my-release` in the namespace your `kubectl` context is currently set to.

```bash
helm upgrade --install my-release sumologic/sumologic --set sumologic.accessId=<SUMO_ACCESS_ID> --set sumologic.accessKey=<SUMO_ACCESS_KEY>  --set sumologic.clusterName="<MY_CLUSTER_NAME>"
```
> **Note**: This command is compatible with Helm2 or Helm3.  If the release exists, it will be upgraded, otherwise it will be installed.

If you wish to install the chart in a different namespace you can do the following:

**Helm2**
```bash
helm upgrade --install my-release sumologic/sumologic --namespace=my-namespace --set sumologic.accessId=<SUMO_ACCESS_ID> --set sumologic.accessKey=<SUMO_ACCESS_KEY>  --set sumologic.clusterName="<MY_CLUSTER_NAME>"
```

> Please note that Helm3 no longer supports the namespace flag. You must change your `kubectl` context to the namespace you wish to install in.

Reviewer: Is that true? It does seem to work for me 🤔 
(but the namespace needs to be there when I run Helm command).

I've tried this on Helm 3 version `v3.2.4` and `3.0.2`

### Troubleshooting Installation
If you get `Error: customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io "alertmanagers.monitoring.coreos.com" already exists` on a Helm2 installation, run the above command with the `--no-crd-hook` flag:

```bash
helm install sumologic/sumologic --name my-release --set sumologic.accessId=<SUMO_ACCESS_ID> --set sumologic.accessKey=<SUMO_ACCESS_KEY>  --set sumologic.clusterName="<MY_CLUSTER_NAME>" --no-crd-hook
```

If `helm upgrade --install` hangs, it usually means the pre-install setup job is failing and is in a retry loop. Due to a Helm limitation, errors from the setup job cannot be fed back to the `helm upgrade --install` command. Kubernetes schedules the job in a pod, so you can look at logs from the pod to see why the job is failing. First find the pod name in the namespace where the Helm chart is deployed:
```sh
kubectl get pods -n sumologic
```

Get the logs from that pod:
```

> kubectl logs POD_NAME -f

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl logs -n sumologic POD_NAME -f
```

Author: I actually removed the -n intentionally as users may use any namespace, it causes some confusion. Updated the doc to be more explicit that it needs to be where things are running.

- [How to install if you have standalone Prometheus](./standAlonePrometheus.md) 
- [How to install our Prometheus side by side with your existing Prometheus](./SideBySidePrometheus.md)

The Helm chart installation requires two parameter overrides:
* __sumologic.accessId__ - Sumo [Access ID](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Security/Access-Keys).
* __sumologic.accessKey__ - Sumo [Access key](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Security/Access-Keys).

The following parameter is optional, but we recommend setting it.
* __sumologic.clusterName__ - An identifier for your Kubernetes cluster.  This is the name you will see for the cluster in Sumo Logic. Default is `kubernetes`.

To install the chart, first add the `sumologic` private repo:

```bash
helm repo add sumologic https://sumologic.github.io/sumologic-kubernetes-collection
```

> Next you can run `helm upgrade --install` to install or upgrade our chart.  An example command with the minimum parameters is provided below for Helm2 and Helm3.

Reviewer 3: is there a specific reason for defaulting to `helm upgrade` even for installation?

Author: Yeah, great question.  You will notice that the install and upgrade command are now identical.  It makes for a completely idempotent command.  Many of our customers actually do this anyway for that reason when they bake our chart into their automation.  This is also what the helm TF provider does.

Helm2
```bash

> helm upgrade --install sumologic/sumologic --name my-release --set sumologic.accessId=<SUMO_ACCESS_ID> --set sumologic.accessKey=<SUMO_ACCESS_KEY>  --set sumologic.clusterName="<MY_CLUSTER_NAME>"

Reviewer: why `my-release` and not `collection`?

Author: The reason I switched to this is that I want to make it clear that we no longer require a specific release name.  `my-release` is the default that all helm charts in helm stable provided. I'm not married to it though if we want to change it back.  Since we used to require it to be `collection` and in the `sumologic` namespace, it has led to some confusion on if we still do.

```

Helm3
```bash
helm upgrade --install my-release sumologic/sumologic  --set sumologic.accessId=<SUMO_ACCESS_ID> --set sumologic.accessKey=<SUMO_ACCESS_KEY>  --set sumologic.clusterName="<MY_CLUSTER_NAME>"
```

Once you have completed installation, you can [install the Kubernetes App and view the dashboards](https://help.sumologic.com/07Sumo-Logic-Apps/10Containers_and_Orchestration/Kubernetes/Install_the_Kubernetes_App_and_view_the_Dashboards) or [open a new Explore tab](https://help.sumologic.com/Solutions/Kubernetes_Solution/05Navigate_your_Kubernetes_environment) in Sumo Logic.

### Troubleshooting Installation

> If you get `Error: customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io "alertmanagers.monitoring.coreos.com" already exists` on a Helm2 installation, run the above command with the `--no-crd-hook` flag:

Reviewer 3: the above command uses `helm upgrade --install`

Author: Good point, I actually need to test this as I vaguely remember an issue with `--no-crd-hook` not working with the `helm upgrade` command.  Will test that and update here with the findings.

Reviewer 2: there is no `--no-crd-hook` flag for upgrade. I was using `--no-hooks` for upgrades

Author: For install (or upgrade) if the CRD hooks do not exist, the solution is to add `--set prometheus-operator.prometheusOperator.createCustomResource=false`.  This works in the `helm upgrade --install` command.  You can't use `-no-hooks` with this command because that prevents the setup job when the chart is not yet installed.  And `--no-crd-hooks` does not work with `upgrade`.

Author: I Will update to reflect this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you get `Error: customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io "alertmanagers.monitoring.coreos.com" already exists` on a Helm2 installation, run the above command with the `--set prometheus-operator.prometheusOperator.createCustomResource=false` parameter:
```

```bash

> helm install sumologic/sumologic --name my-release --set sumologic.accessId=<SUMO_ACCESS_ID> --set sumologic.accessKey=<SUMO_ACCESS_KEY>  --set sumologic.clusterName="<MY_CLUSTER_NAME>" --no-crd-hook

Reviewer 3: this should be `helm upgrade --install` i guess?

Author: Good point, I actually need to test this as I vaguely remember an issue with `--no-crd-hook` not working with the `helm upgrade` command. Will test that and update here with the findings.

```

If `helm upgrade --install` hangs, it usually means the pre-install setup job is failing and is in a retry loop. Due to a Helm limitation, errors from the setup job cannot be fed back to the `helm upgrade --install` command. Kubernetes schedules the job in a pod, so you can look at logs from the pod to see why the job is failing. First find the pod name in the namespace where the Helm chart is deployed:
```sh
kubectl get pods -n sumologic
```

Get the logs from that pod:
```
kubectl logs POD_NAME -f
```

If you get `Error: collector with name 'sumologic' does not exist
sumologic_http_source.default_metrics_source: Importing from ID`, you can safely ignore it and the installation should complete successfully. The installation process creates new [HTTP endpoints](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Sources/02Sources-for-Hosted-Collectors/HTTP-Source) in your Sumo Logic account, that are used to send data to Sumo. This error occurs if the endpoints had already been created by an earlier run of the installation process.

You can find more information in our [troubleshooting documentation](Troubleshoot_Collection.md).

### Customizing Installation

> All default properties for the Helm chart can be found in our [documentation](HelmChartConfigiuration.md). We recommend creating a new `values.yaml` for each Kubernetes cluster you wish to install collection on and setting only the properties you wish to override. Once you have customized you can use the following commands to install or upgrade. 

Reviewer 3: nit: Configuration typo

Author: Good catch. Will fix

> All default properties for the Helm chart can be found in our [documentation](HelmChartConfigiuration.md). We recommend creating a new `values.yaml` for each Kubernetes cluster you wish to install collection on and setting only the properties you wish to override. Once you have customized you can use the following commands to install or upgrade. 

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should change this to bold `setting only the properties you wish to override`

Reviewer: I like this idea ^^

Author: Good idea, will add.

  
Helm2
```bash

> helm upgrade --install sumologic/sumologic --name my-release -f values.yaml

Reviewer: This should work as well:
`helm upgrade --install my-release sumologic/sumologic -f values.yaml`

It's the same we use for Helm 3 below.

Author: Good call...will update
